# Minutes from 2020-06-26

Start: 13.00
End: 14.00

## Participants

Check [X] people who were in the meeting.

- [X] Lameya
- [X] Jagan Mohini
- [X] Tejas Ravindra
- [X] Asmaa
- [X] Indranil
- [X] Priyanka
- [X] Pavitra
- [X] Al Rahat
- [X] Nayela Tasnim
- [X] Anirudh
- [X] Chethan Lokesh
- [X] Abdul
- [X] Nils Luca
- [X] Kunal
- [X] Stefan
- [X] Shraddha


## ToC
The weekely meeting was conducted to discuss  assignment 2 and for the presentation of different sub groups with their approaches on assignment 2.  The subgroup who  worked on the hop count can proceed with the network delay and the group who worked on network delay can work on hop count. Everyone presented their progress on assignment 2 and a small question and anwer session has been held on different approaches followed by different groups. Everyone is divided into new project subgroups according to preferences.

### Administrative

Done with the task 2 presentation and will be discussing more about further steps in the next meeting.
A meeting will be taken by each subgroup on 3rd July for the further work.


## Action points
- [X] Everyone will finalise their proper subgroup for future work
